This is the Team Meeting Logs folder.

This is to include:

The minutes of the meeting with your TA every week will be recorded in a file here. You will be updating the same file every week with the latest updates. Points to include in the minutes would be:
- Decisions made
- Alternative actions/options discussed
- Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities

-

Meeting 1: 04/10/23
- Discussed our idea and showcased our plan document, repo, and project board.
- Decided that we needed to find a good API to use, and that in addition to finishing up the wireframes, we needed to have the Login, Register, and Database finished before our next meeting.

Meeting 2: 04/17/23
- What we've done...
    - Login, Register, and Home API routes are completed
    - Login and Register styling is mostly complete
    - Madelyn did database set up and connected with the login and register pages
    - Need to resolve all merge conflicts soon and push Andrew's page designs
- Challenges we faced...
    - Couldn't find a good sports trivia API, so instead of making our own or using OpenAI, we are pivoting to a more general trivia site
- To do's for next week...
    - Create home page framework and associated API calls
    - Create profile page framework and associated API calls
    - Create quiz list page framework and associated API calls
    - Create quiz page framework and assocaited API calls
    - Begin working with trivia API and attempt to get quesitons set up
    - Begin working on statistics and leaderboard API and database framework 
- Additional "nice to have" features discussed...
    - Timed quesitons
    - Time affects end score

Meeting 3: 04/24/2023
- What we've done...
    - Connected API to site and can now generate quizzes
    - Created frontend and some API calls relating to home page
    - Created frontend and some API calls relating to profile page
    - Created dropdowns for the quiz list
    - Solved modal issue on profile page
- Challenges we faced...
    - Struggling with leaderboard filtering
    - Struggled with modal issues (just fixed, however)
    - Some dropdown functionality was causing us problems
    - Had some issues getting quiz questions to show and work properly
- To Dos for next week...
    - Wrap up profile page frontend and modal forms (Taya)
    - Create and submit powerpoint presentation (Taya)
    - Connect profile page to users database and source data thru API calls (Madelyn)
    - Finish up leaderboard and related API calls (Anar)
    - Finish up dropdown functionlaity on site (Will)
    - Wrap up quiz page and corresponding functionlaity with the APIs (Enrique and Andrew)
    - Clean up some frontend design (Andrew)

Meeting 4: 05/01/2023
- What we've done...
    - Completed Profile Page
    - Created and almost completed powerpoint
    - Begun project report
    - Finished leaderboard
    - Finished dropdown functionality
    - Completed quiz page functionality, minus submission and stat updates
- Challenges we faced...
    - Currently having issues with register ejs no longer working
    - Some styling is also not working anymore
- To Dos for next week...
    - Wrap up powerpoint presentation
    - Finish project report
    - Debug all site issues
    - Complete features quizzes section on home page
    - Complete quiz stat database update APIs
    - Practice for presentation on Wednesday